What do you get if you cross a snowman and a dog?	Frostbite.
Why did Santa go to music school?	So he could improve his wrap skills.
What do you call a greedy elf?	Elfish.
Why did the Christmas tree go to the barber?	It needed a trim.
What do you get when you cross a bell with a skunk?	Jingle smells.
What do you get if you eat Christmas decorations?	Tinsilitis.
Why did the elf put his bed into the fireplace?	He wanted to sleep like a log.
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack?	An abdominal snowman.
What do you call a cat on the beach at Christmas time?	Sandy Claws.
What do you get if you cross a Christmas tree with an apple?	A pine-apple.
Why did the Christmas lights go to school?	They wanted to be brighter.
What do you call a snowman party?	A snowball.
Why did Santa bring a ladder to the bar?	He heard the drinks were on the house.
Why did the Christmas ornament go to the doctor?	It was feeling a bit off-color.
What do you call a snowman with a temper tantrum?	A meltdown.
Why did the elf go to school?	To learn the elf-abet.
What do you get if you cross a snowman and a vampire?	Frostbite.
What do you call a reindeer with bad manners?	Rude-olph.
Why did the gingerbread man go to the doctor?	He was feeling crumby.
What do you call a snowman with a sunburn?	A puddle.
Why did Santa go to the beach?	To be a sandy Claus.
How do snowmen travel around?	By riding an icicle.
What do you get when you mix a snowman with a baker?	Frosting.
Why don't Christmas trees sew?	They always drop their needles.
What do you call an old snowman?	Water.
What's Santa's favorite kind of music?	Wrap music.
What do you get if you cross an iPad and a Christmas tree?	A pine-apple.
What did one snowman say to the other snowman?	Do you smell carrots?
Why did the turkey join the band?	Because it had the drumsticks.
How does a snowman get around?	By riding a snowmobile.
What did one dinosaur say to the other while playing hide and seek at Christmas?	Santa-saur-us.
What's a sheep's favorite Christmas song?	Fleece Navidad.
What kind of photos do elves take?	(S)elfies.
What do snowmen eat for breakfast?	Frosted flakes.
What do you call Santa's little helpers?	Subordinate clauses.
What do you call a shark that delivers presents?	Santa Jaws.
What did the reindeer say before telling a joke?	This one's going to sleigh you.
What did the Santa say before telling a joke?	This one's going to sleigh you.
What do you call a Christmas wreath made of $100 bills?	Aretha Franklin.
How does Santa keep his suits wrinkle-free?	He uses Claus-et space.
What does Santa eat for breakfast?	Ho-ho-ho-tcakes.
What kind of cars do elves drive?	Toy-otas.
How does Frosty get around on Christmas?	By riding a snowdrift.
What wears a red suit and goes Oh, oh, oh?	Santa walking backwards.
What do you call a reindeer with no eyes?	No-eye-deer.
What do you get if you cross Santa with a detective?	Santa Clues.
Why does Santa go down the chimney on Christmas Eve?	Because it soots him.
Why did Santa get stuck in the chimney?	He was Claus-trophobic.
Why did Santa go down the chimney at the bakery?	Because it was a piece of cake.
What does Santa use to clean the chimney?	Santa-tizer.
What do snowmen like to do on the weekend?	Chill out.
What do elves do after school?	Their gnome work.
What's the difference between Santa's reindeer and a knight?	One slays the dragon, and the other's draggin' the sleigh.
Why was Santa's little helper depressed?	Because he had low elf esteem.
What did the cow say on Christmas morning?	Mooooey Christmas.
What do monkeys sing at Christmas?	Jungle bells, jungle bells.
What do you sing at a snowman's birthday party?	Freeze a jolly good fellow.
Why does Santa have three gardens?	So he can hoe hoe hoe.
When does Christmas come before Thanksgiving?	In the dictionary.
What's the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet?	The Christmas one has no L (noel).
What carol is most often heard in the dessert?	Camel ye faithful.
What do you get if Santa goes down the chimney when the fire is lit?	Krisp Kringle.
Why are turkeys smarter than chickens?	Ever heard of Kentucky Fried Turkey?.
What often falls at the North Pole but never gets hurt?	Snow.
Why is Santa so good at karate?	Because he has a black belt.
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh?	Nothing, it was on the house.
What do fish sing when Santa comes?	Christmas Corals.
What did the reindeer say when he saw an elf?	Nothing, reindeer can't talk.
Which elf was the best singer?	ELFis Presley.
How does Santa take pictures?	With his North Pole-aroid.
What is invisible and smells like milk and cookies?	Santa's burps.
What does Santa put on his head when he has a headache?	A polar ice cap.
What did Santa say when Mrs. Claus asked about the weather?	Looks like rain, dear.
Who is never hungry at Christmas?	The turkey - he's always stuffed.
What does Santa use to measure?	Santameters.
What should you give your parents at Christmas?	A list of what you want.
What do snowmen take when the sun gets too hot?	A chill pill.
What did one snowman say to another snowman?	You're cool.
What kind of bug hates Christmas?	A humbug.
How does Christmas Day end?	With the letter Y.
Why did the turkey cross the road?	Because it was the chicken's day off.
When is a boat just like snow?	When it's adrift.
What is the best Christmas present in the world?	A broken drum, you just can't beat it.
Who delivers presents to cats?	Santa Paws.
Why is it getting harder to buy Advent calendars?	Their days are numbered.
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride?	A Holly Davidson.
What do angry mice send to each other at Christmas?	Cross-mouse cards.
What did Adam say the day before Christmas?	It's Christmas, Eve.
Why don't you ever see Santa in a public hospital?	Because he has private elf care.
What's a child's favorite king at Christmas?	A stoc-king.
What do you get if you cross Santa with a duck?	A Christmas Quacker.
What happened to the man who stole an Advent Calendar?	He got 25 days.
Why was the snowman looking through the carrots?	He was picking his nose.
What do you call buying a piano for the holidays?	Christmas Chopin.
What did the beaver say to the Christmas Tree?	Nice gnawing you.
What athlete is warmest in winter?	A long jumper.
What type of key do you need for a Nativity play?	A don-key.
What do snowmen wear on their heads?	Ice caps.
How do elves get to the top floor of Santa's workshop?	They use the elfelator.
How did Santa describe the elf who refused to take a bath?	He's elfully smelly.
What do sheep say to each other at Christmas?	Merry Christmas to ewe.
What color Christmas candle burns longer, a red candle or a green candle?	Neither; candles always burn shorter.
Which Christmas carol do parents like the most?	Silent Night.
What goes ho-ho whoosh, ho-ho whoosh?	Santa caught in a revolving door.
What does Santa do in his garden?	He hoe hoe hoes.
What do reindeer have that no other animals have?	Baby reindeer.
What type of potato chip is Santa's favorite?	Crisp Pringles.
What is Santa's favorite Olympic event?	North Pole-vault.
Why do reindeer tell such good stories?	Because they all have tails.
How do you make a slow reindeer fast?	You don't feed it.
What's the best thing to put into a Christmas pie?	Your teeth.
Where do you find reindeer?	Depends where you left them.
Noah commented 'I thought we had two turkeys when we left?'	Noah's Wife replied 'Well, it is Christmas.'
What did the bald man say when he got a comb for Christmas?	Thanks, I'll never part with it.
If a reindeer lost his tail, where would it go for a new one?	A re-tail shop.
What do you call it when Santa takes a break from delivering presents?	Santa pause.
What do you call it when Kris Kringle claps his hands?	Santapplause.
